chore: Improve docker and compose development (#57)
EddieHubCommunity/HealthCheck: README.md

   a. If you have Postgres installed, you can run the app locally `npm run dev` OR
   
   b. Running with Docker Compose (Recommended if you don't have Postgres installed)
      1. Once you done above steps and have the `.env` file ready
      1. Run the command `docker compose up -d`
      2. Once the containers are ready, run the command `npm run db:migrate:dev`
      3. Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser

   c. Running in Github Codespaces
      4. Start a new codespace
      5. Run `npm ci` and `npm run dev`
      6. When the project is running in the browser visit this and copy the generated URL. You will use this URL in place of localhost in step 8 above for creating your OAuth app
      7. Update the environment file with your client id and secret.  Make sure to also update the `NEXTAUTH_URL=` to the generated codespace URL as well.

>       8. Continue with step `9b` to run the docker container and database migration.

Reviewer: I think these should start from `1` again because it is under a new section `c`

>       4. Start a new codespace
>       5. Run `npm ci` and `npm run dev`
>       6. When the project is running in the browser visit this and copy the generated URL. You will use this URL in place of localhost in step 8 above for creating your OAuth app
>       7. Update the environment file with your client id and secret.  Make sure to also update the `NEXTAUTH_URL=` to the generated codespace URL as well.
>       8. Continue with step `9b` to run the docker container and database migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Start a new codespace
      2. Run `npm ci` and `npm run dev`
      3. When the project is running in the browser visit this and copy the generated URL. You will use this URL in place of localhost in step 8 above for creating your OAuth app
      4. Update the environment file with your client id and secret.  Make sure to also update the `NEXTAUTH_URL=` to the generated codespace URL as well.
      5. Continue with step `9b` to run the docker container and database migration.
```

   a. If you have Postgres installed, you can run the app locally `npm run dev` OR
   
   b. Running with Docker Compose (Recommended if you don't have Postgres installed)

>       1. Once you done above steps and have the `.env` file ready
>       1. Run the command `docker compose up -d`
>       2. Once the containers are ready, run the command `npm run db:migrate:dev`
>       3. Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser

Reviewer: the number `1` appears twice

```suggestion
      1. Once you done above steps and have the `.env` file ready
      2. Run the command `docker compose up -d`
      3. Once the containers are ready, run the command `npm run db:migrate:dev`
      4. Visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser
```
